How do you amuse a blonde for hours? Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper
Random Kid,"Haha you failed!" You, "So did your dads condom."
A husband and wife are trying to set up a new password for their computer. The husband puts, "Mypenis," and the wife falls on the ground laughing because on the screen it says, "Error. Not long enough."
boy: spell "me" girl: M-E boy: but you forgot the D girl: there's no D in me boy: not yet ;)
Two boys go into a forest and walk around. Suddenly they see a naked women, then one of the boys run away. The other chases after him. The boy asked "Why did u run away?" The other said "My mom told me if i saw a naked women i'd turn to stone, i already felt something getting getting hard."
Friend: dude tomorrow is my girlfriend's birthday... what should i give her? Me: give her your dick Friend: idiot... i want something big for her.. Me: give her my dick then :D
Yo' Mama is so fat, she got busted at the airport for having 200 pounds of crack.
Yo' Mama's hair is so full of dandruff, when she shook her head, the principal called a snow day.
What is 6.9? A really great thing ruined by a damn period.
Sex is like a bank account. You put it in, you take it out, you lose interest.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick wall? A: A brick wall's only been laid once.
What's the similarity between American beer and having sex in a canoe? Fucking close to water.
Children in the backseat can cause accidents. Accidents in the backseat can cause children.
What do you call five lesbians in a closet? A licker cabinet
Q: How are blondes and computers similar? A: You never appreciate them until they go down on you.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick wall? A: A brick wall's only been laid once.
Q. What did the penis say to the condom? A. Cover me I'm going in.
Nike Condoms: Just do it. Mentos Condoms: The freshmaker. Macintosh Condoms: It does more, it costs less, its that simple. California Lotto Condoms: Who's next? McDonalds Condom: One Billion Served. Energizer Condom: It keeps going and going and going... Bandai Condoms: Action Satisfaction.
Q: Why can't a blonde count to 70? A: Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
A man rushes out of his wife's hospital room. "Doctor, doctor -- my wife's been in a coma for several months, but when I just touched her left breast, she sighed!"
"That's very encouraging," says the doctor. "Go back and touch her right breast. See if she reacts."A few minutes later, the man rushes out again: "Doctor, she moaned!""Very good," says the doctor. "Now try oral sex. She should certainly react to that!"Five minutes later, the man comes out back out, white as a sheet. "Doctor -- she died.""No! What happened?" the doctor exclaims."Well, doc," the man says tearfully, "she choked."
Q: What is the difference between a condom and a coffin? A: One you cum in, and one you go in, but you have to be stiff to get into either of them.
Confucious say: ''Baseball is wrong, men with four balls cannot walk."
The game of choice for unemployed people or maintenance level workers is basketball. The game of choice for frontline workers is football. The game of choice for middle management is tennis. The game of choice for CEOs and executives is golf. Conclusion: The higher up on the corporate ladder you are, the smaller your balls are.
What do dogs and women have in common? They both like 12-inch bones.
Q:What does Bob Dole and the Empire State building have in common? A: They both took 410 days to be erected.
Q: What do blondes and doorknobs have in common? A: Everyone gets a turn.
Q: Why does the easter bunny hide his eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone to know he's f**king chickens.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? I don't think I can get hard, I just got laid this morning!
Q: Why did Adam accept the apple from Eve? A: Because he couldn't eat her cherry.
My colleague said to me, "I bet you can't see your dick when you look down in the shower." "No, just your daughter's head," I replied.
Boy: Wanna here a joke about my Dick? Nevermind, its too long. Girl: Wanna here a joke about my pussy? Nevermind, you'll never get it.
A little boy walks in on his parents having sex, his dad says Jacob please leave me and mommy are trying to make you a brother or sister and, the child replies. Daddy do her doggy style I want puppies.
Dating a stripper is like eating a noisy bag of chips in church... everyone looks at you in disgust, but deep down inside they want some too.
A vagina is like the weather, when it's wet it's time to go inside.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
What did the vagina say to the penis.So do you cum here often
